You said Jorge Choa was perhaps the brains of the me and
cartel. What was he like?
And why do you say he was the brains?
Well,
he was the gentleman and I suppose he shipped in no telling how many
more times of cocaine than Pablo did you and him and his brothers,
you could tell by the, they had on each, each load,
they was in duffle bags and his big football shaped, uh,
fluffy stuff made with ether. And, uh,
they would have three horns on it or a rattlesnake or four X's on
each bag. And you kinda got to knowing which was which, which,
and they shipped a lot.
So, um, and he was just a gentleman. I took the family,
we went one weekend to his ranch or his, uh,
ballet place out near barren ke. And all,
he just treated the family. His family had a, his younger brother wrote,
made a bull fire and we had, uh, skiing and,
uh, little airplanes on floats on, on the water. It was really nice.
And he was really nice.
How do you make sense of the tension that a man could be?
A gentleman can have integrity, but also be a murderer? Well.
Murder is, is a, is a stronger word than killing.
Can you explain the, the, the line, the gray area we're talking about?
I mean,
I've just talking with Jack willing and we talked a lot about killing in the
context of, um, military conflict and the context of war.
So there, there's a line between murder and killing that you can draw. What's,
uh, the line that you're referring to.
It's something similar. If you,
if people shooting at you and you shoot back and kill him, I don't,
that's not murder whatsoever. It's, uh, he's trying to get away or, or out,
outta the situation. But if, uh,
some woman don't pay you and you send to hit man over to,
to kill her and her children, that's, that's, that's murder, that's.
Murder. Was Jorge involved in those kinds of things?
I don't think so at all. It just, I mean, he was, he was just such a gentleman.
He had, um, a restaurant before and, and he was just smart. I understand that,
uh, the first 10 kilos he sold, he was sitting on a, on a motorcycle in the,
in the sidelines and a part when the DEA come in, he sped away.
So he didn't come back to America. He was just smart. Some people just have,
are savvy.
And he was such a gentleman and the whole family, the mother and the father,
the two brothers, their sister that I was there when she was kidnapped. And, uh,
finally he kidnapped our, our,
I guess a hundred liters of the Fark and, uh, said,
all right, she don't come back.
None of these are gonna come back <laugh> so they made a deal.